docs(dns): add constraint description for endpoint resource and remove 'ip_addresses.ip' description (#5985)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/dns_endpoint.md

* `name` - (Required, String) Specifies the name of the DNS endpoint resource.

* `direction` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the direction of the endpoint. The value can be **inbound** or **outbound**.
  Changing this creates a new DNS endpoint.

* `ip_addresses` - (Required, List) Specifies the IP address list of the DNS endpoint.

>   The List length limit range form `2` to `6`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The valid length of the address list ranges form `2` to `6`.
```
